---
title: CfP submission period extended for 1 week
layout: post
author: julia
date: 7 February 2020
published: true
description: UIKonf opens Call for Proposals for UIKonf 2020
---

Since a lot of people asked if they could submit multiple talk ideas, we added a fix so that you can now submit up to 3 proposals to our CfP. We also had a report about log-in issues. We are currently investigating this issue and will extend the submission period for one week. You can find the updated schedule below

<h3>The Timeline</h3>

<p><strong>17 Jan &ndash; 16 Feb:</strong> <a href="https://cfp.uikonf.com" target="_blank">Submit your proposal</a> on our CfP page or comment on already submitted proposals. We accept any topic you deem interesting may it be technical, design-focused, about building / running / failing a company or how to get a rocket into space using Swift - Inspire us! For inspiration, you can check out the <a href="https://uikonf.com/uikonf-2019" target="_blank">speakers</a> or <a href="https://uikonf.com/videos/" target="_blank">videos</a> of 2019.</p>

<p><strong>17 Feb &ndash; 23 Feb: </strong>Comment on existing proposals to help the authors improve their talks. You can help talks you&#39;d like to see at UIKonf 2020 become even better and maybe get elected for the final eight.</p>

<p><strong>24 Feb &ndash; 1 Mar: </strong>A committee consisting of previous UIKonf speakers will do a preselection of the talks ahead of voting by the community.</p>

<p><strong>2 Mar &ndash; 8 Mar:</strong> The voting week: our community and a committee consisting of previous UIKonf speakers will vote on their eight favorite talks. The final eight talks will be determined by equally weighing the votes from the public and the committee. We will inform everyone who participated in the CfP in the week after that and announce the chosen speakers one by one.</p>

<p>Don&#39;t miss the deadline - there are no exceptions for late submissions.</p>
